README.md, before:

# Page Flipper for Flipper Zero

Page Flipper is a Bluetooth remote control application for the Flipper Zero. It emulates a HID (Human Interface Device) keyboard, allowing you to control presentations, e-readers (like Kindle or tablet apps), or media players using external foot pedals or the device's own keypad.

The primary purpose of this app is to provide control for sheet music apps on tablet computers, where a foot pedal can be used to flip to the next or previous music page, allowing musicians to keep their hands on their instruments.

![Main Screen](Screenshots/Screenshot-Main.png)

## Features

- **Bluetooth HID Keyboard:** Advertises as "PageFlip" for easy pairing.
- **Foot Pedal Support:** Support for one or two external switches connected via GPIO.
- **Visual Feedback:** Large, clear on-screen indicators that flash when a key is sent.
- **Keypad Control:** Use the Flipper Zero's physical buttons for manual control.
- **Help System:** Built-in multi-page instructions.

## Usage

### Connecting
When you launch the app, it will begin advertising via Bluetooth. Open the Bluetooth settings on your host device (Tablet, Laptop, or Phone) and pair with **PageFlip**.

![Waiting for Connection](Screenshots/Screenshot-Connect.png)

The status line at the bottom will transition from "Connect to PageFlip..." to the help/exit instructions once a connection is established.

### Controls
The main screen displays four arrow keys. When an event is triggered (via pedal or keypad), the corresponding icon will flash inverted for 200ms.

![Right Key Flashing](Screenshots/Screenshot-Right.png)

- **OK:** Opens the Help screens.
- **Back (Short Press):** Exits the application.

## Hardware Connection

The application is designed to work with momentary switches (foot pedals) connected to the GPIO pins on top of the Flipper Zero.

**Crucial:** The switches must connect the GPIO pin directly to **GND**.

### Primary Pedal (A7)
Connect your main foot pedal between **Pin A7** and any **GND** pin.
- **Single Click:** Sends **Right Arrow** (Page Forward).
- **Double Click:** Sends **Left Arrow** (Page Backward).

### Optional Secondary Pedal (A6)
You can optionally connect a second pedal between **Pin A6** and **GND**.
- **Single Click:** Sends **Left Arrow** (Page Backward).
- **Double Click:** Sends **Home** key (returns to the First Page/Start).

## Help Screens
Press the **OK** button at any time to access the built-in help pages, which provide a quick reference for the pedal and keypad mappings.

![Help Screen](Screenshots/Screenshot-Help.png)

## Installation

### Prerequisites
- A Flipper Zero with custom firmware support.
- `ufbt` (Universal Flipper Build Tool) installed on your computer.

### Build and Launch
1. Clone this repository into your `applications_user` folder or a standalone directory.
2. Connect your Flipper Zero via USB.
3. Run the following command:
   ```bash
   ufbt launch
   ```

---
*This app has been developed with the help of the Gemini CLI AI.*

Commit message:

Add GPL 3.0 LICENSE and update README

README.md, after:

# Page Flipper for Flipper Zero

Page Flipper is a Bluetooth remote control application for the Flipper Zero. It emulates a HID (Human Interface Device) keyboard, allowing you to control presentations, e-readers (like Kindle or tablet apps), or media players using external foot pedals or the device's own keypad.

The primary purpose of this app is to provide control for sheet music apps on tablet computers, where a foot pedal can be used to flip to the next or previous music page, allowing musicians to keep their hands on their instruments.

![Main Screen](Screenshots/Screenshot-Main.png)

## Features

- **Bluetooth HID Keyboard:** Advertises as "PageFlip" for easy pairing.
- **Foot Pedal Support:** Support for one or two external switches connected via GPIO.
- **Visual Feedback:** Large, clear on-screen indicators that flash when a key is sent.
- **Keypad Control:** Use the Flipper Zero's physical buttons for manual control.
- **Help System:** Built-in multi-page instructions.

## Usage

### Connecting
When you launch the app, it will begin advertising via Bluetooth. Open the Bluetooth settings on your host device (Tablet, Laptop, or Phone) and pair with **PageFlip**.

![Waiting for Connection](Screenshots/Screenshot-Connect.png)

The status line at the bottom will transition from "Connect to PageFlip..." to the help/exit instructions once a connection is established.

### Controls
The main screen displays four arrow keys. When an event is triggered (via pedal or keypad), the corresponding icon will flash inverted for 200ms.

![Right Key Flashing](Screenshots/Screenshot-Right.png)

- **OK:** Opens the Help screens.
- **Back (Short Press):** Exits the application.

## Hardware Connection

The application is designed to work with momentary switches (foot pedals) connected to the GPIO pins on top of the Flipper Zero.

**Crucial:** The switches must connect the GPIO pin directly to **GND**.

### Primary Pedal (A7)
Connect your main foot pedal between **Pin A7** and any **GND** pin.
- **Single Click:** Sends **Right Arrow** (Page Forward).
- **Double Click:** Sends **Left Arrow** (Page Backward).

### Optional Secondary Pedal (A6)
You can optionally connect a second pedal between **Pin A6** and **GND**.
- **Single Click:** Sends **Left Arrow** (Page Backward).
- **Double Click:** Sends **Home** key (returns to the First Page/Start).

## Help Screens
Press the **OK** button at any time to access the built-in help pages, which provide a quick reference for the pedal and keypad mappings.

![Help Screen](Screenshots/Screenshot-Help.png)

## Installation



### Prerequisites

- A Flipper Zero with custom firmware support.

- `ufbt` (Universal Flipper Build Tool) installed on your computer.



### Build and Launch

1. Clone this repository into your `applications_user` folder or a standalone directory.

2. Connect your Flipper Zero via USB.

3. Run the following command:

   ```bash

   ufbt launch

   ```



## License

This project is licensed under the **GNU General Public License v3.0**. See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for the full text.



---

*This app has been developed with the help of the Gemini CLI AI.*
